Paige, what about us?
Help Me
Jinzumei
What is it like to be betrayed by the man you love?
today
It's all planned by you
Right.
You're down in a few rounds
If there are any other tricks, just use them.
I am waiting for you in Kujiang
Ah!
myself
My child was killed by you
I will make you pay with your life
Did you listen?
What are you still doing at my house after so long?
Why don't you get out of here?
Beichen
Do people know they are wrong?
Just forgive me, okay?
Brother Beichen
Are you not angry?
Although the position of the deputy city lord is gone
But I can send the Gu family to Kenya's enemy country
As long as you have money
Husband
Isn't the position of commander-in-chief still possible?
You want to make me money
Not making money
Is to make big money
Our Qin family relies on this business
Become the first family in Jiangzhou
Just do this business well
We can make the whole dragonfly
It's in our hands.
What business do you want to talk about?
supervise
chimney
No, that's something the city lord has banned
Sometimes banned things make a lot of money
You mean?
Your Qin family relied on smoke and soil to do it quickly at that time
Right
It's a pity that my parents were killed
Our Qin family has been reduced to this
Brother Beichen
I still have channels for tobacco soil in my hands
As long as there are enough funds
I can make the whole golden bottle our world
How much will it cost?
If you try the water initially, you only need 50,000
Cleaning if efficient
You can get 2 points in half a month.
As long as I master the tobacco business
Both the city lord and the commander-in-chief have to look at my example
Oh, brother Beichen.
Don't be angry.
People do this
Make up for it
It depends on your performance